---
title: "Multi-dimensional Threshold model with correlation: emergence of global cascades"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2023-11-12-MDTM
excerpt: 'Multi-dimensional Threshold model with correlation: emergence of global cascades'
date: 2023-11-12
venue: 'IEEE ICC 2024'

[//]: # (paperurl: 'https://arxiv.org/pdf/2211.07479.pdf')
[//]: # (citation: 'Y. Tian, A. Sridhar, O. Yağan and H. V. Poor, "Analysis of the Impact of Mask-wearing in Viral Spread: Implications for COVID-19," 2021 American Control Conference &#40;ACC&#41;, New Orleans, LA, USA, 2021, pp. 3132-3137, doi: 10.23919/ACC50511.2021.9482733.')
---
Study of complex contagions over networks has been receiving increasing attention across many scientific domains. 
Especially, linear threshold models are widely studied due to the ability to capture the mechanism that multiple sources of exposure are required for nodes in the network to take action.
Most related works on influence propagation only concentrate on a single content
spreading over networks.
However, complex contagions usually involve multiple _correlated_ contents spreading simultaneously and show significant implications in many real life systems.
In this work, we propose the _multi-dimensional threshold model_, as an extension of the classical linear threshold model to incorporate multiple correlated contents spreading simultaneously over networks.
We also provide analytical results that accurately predict probability of emergence of _global cascades_ for correlated contents.
Our analytical results reveal the interplay between the underlying network structure, content correlation on the spreading processes.
Thus they might help with analysis, prediction and control strategies.


[//]: # ([Download paper here]&#40;/files/Globcomm23_Multilayer.pdf&#41;)

[//]: # (Recommended citation: )

[//]: # ()
[//]: # ([1] Y. Tian and O. Yagan, “Spreading processes with population heterogeneity over multi-layer networks.” arXiv, Nov. 15, 2022. Accessed: Jul. 09, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2211.07479)

